Add EVENT_DRIVEN Profile to the superbuild (#502)
robotology/robotology-superbuild: README.md

### System Dependencies
To run a human dynamics estimation scenario, we need a Windows machine to install the Xsens suit SDK for getting the sensory information of the human motions from [Xsens](https://www.xsens.com/) and [ESD USB CAN driver](https://esd.eu/en/products/can-usb2) to get the FTShoes/FTSkShoes sensory information. Refer to [Xsens](#xsens) and [ESDCAN](#esdcan) for more information about the dependencies.

## Event-driven
This profile is enabled by the `ROBOTOLOGY_ENABLE_EVENT_DRIVEN` CMake option.

### System Dependencies

> The steps necessary to install the system dependencies of the Core profile are provided in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps necessary to install the system dependencies of the Event-driven profile are provided in
```
